Move cloud functions into Observations, fix for docs and test (#3113)
astropy/astroquery: CHANGES.rst

- Added function ``mast.Observations.get_unique_product_list`` to return the unique data products associated with
  given observations. [#3096]

> - Deprecate ``enable_cloud_dataset`` and ``disable_cloud_dataset`` in classes where they
>   are non-operational. [#3113]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated ``enable_cloud_dataset`` and ``disable_cloud_dataset`` in classes where they
  are non-operational. They will be removed in a future release. [#3113]
```
